questions.md, before:

# QUESTIONS FOR OC MENTORING SESSION 

==============================
## Project 7
==============================

STEP 1 (FOCUS OF TODAY'S SESSION)

Markers are duplicating on the map
Menu items are duplicating in the menu
Enable billing on my google account

STEP 2 & 3
	4. How do I only save something in memory in step 2 ?
	-> use memory section in dev tools
	5. What API can I use in step 3 if I don't wanna use google search ? 
	(something opensource preferably)
=============================
## Project 8
=============================
	1. How much Jasmine do I need to know ?
	2. How does Jasmine work in terms of testing ? 
	Does it compare the test written with the actual code ? Or is
	it just some sort of outline ?
	-> when I run jasmine in my browser, it's all good.
	-> when I do it in my terminal, less so.


==============================
## Project 9
==============================
1. When should next session be ?
	* Wednesday 10a.m ?
	* Friday ?
2. Can you work with LPIC-1 as sysadmin?
Or do you need level 2 or 3 ?

Commit message:

Got radius
1. Kept decluttering, removed getUserPosition()
2. Added Circle to mymap with a radius of 5km and
it's centered around my position

Now I can add restaurants to the map. Let's get started.

questions.md, after:

# QUESTIONS FOR OC MENTORING SESSION 

==============================
## Project 7
==============================

STEP 1 (FOCUS OF TODAY'S SESSION)

3. Add the markers for the restaurants to the map based on the user position based on the range you give it eg 2 km or whatever you choose

4. Have the functions run to refresh everything if you change the view of the map so you clear out the markers and sidebar list and add the new view contents to both

5. Once all of this is done you can move onto the extra details, images etc

STEP 2 & 3
	4. How do I only save something in memory in step 2 ?
	-> use memory section in dev tools

	5. add google places
=============================
## Project 8
=============================
	1. How much Jasmine do I need to know ?
	2. How does Jasmine work in terms of testing ? 
	Does it compare the test written with the actual code ? Or is
	it just some sort of outline ?
	-> when I run jasmine in my browser, it's all good.
	-> when I do it in my terminal, less so.


==============================
## Project 9
==============================
1. When should next session be ?
	* Wednesday 10a.m ?
	* Friday ?
2. Can you work with LPIC-1 as sysadmin?
Or do you need level 2 or 3 ?
